Overhaul and Cleanup of the README File (#250)
cap-js/attachments: README.md

```cds
annotate service.Incidents with @odata.draft.enabled;
```

### Storage Targets

When testing locally, the plugin operates without a dedicated storage target, storing attachments directly in the underlying database using the `cds bind` command as described in the [CAP documentation for hybrid testing](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/advanced/hybrid-testing#services-on-cloud-foundry).

Meanwhile, with a dedicated storage target the attachment is not stored in the underlying database; instead, it is saved on the specified storage target and only a reference to the file including metadata is kept in the database, as defined in the CDS model. 

For productive use, you need a valid object store binding. Currently, only the AWS S3 object store is supported.
For using an AWS S3 Object Store in BTP, you must already have an SAP Object Store service instance on an AWS landscape created. To bind it in a hybrid setup, follow this setup:

1. Log in to Cloud Foundry:

```sh
cf login -a <CF-API> -o <ORG-NAME> -s <SPACE-NAME> --sso

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```sh
  cf login -a <CF-API> -o <ORG-NAME> -s <SPACE-NAME> --sso
  ```
```

2.  To bind to the service, generate a new file _.cdsrc-private.json in the project directory by running:

```sh
cds bind <HybridObjectStoreName> --to <RemoteObjectStoreName>

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```sh
  cds bind <HybridObjectStoreName> --to <RemoteObjectStoreName>
  ```
```

* [Quick Start](#quick-start)
* [Local Walk-Through](#local-walk-through)
* [Usage](#usage)
  * [Package Setup](#package-setup)
  * [Changes in the CDS Models](#changes-in-the-cds-models)
  * [Storage Targets](#storage-targets)
  * [Malware Scanner](#malware-scanner)
  * [Outbox](#outbox) ?
  * [Restore Endpoint](#restore-endpoint) ?
    * [Motivation](#motivation)
    * [HTTP Endpoint](#http-endpoint)
    * [Security](#security)
  * [Visibility Control](#visibility-control-for-attachments-ui-facet-generation)
  * [Non-Draft Uploading](non-draft-upload)
* [Releases](#releases) ?
* [Minimum UI5 and CAP NodeJS Version](#minimum-ui5-and-cap-nodejs-version)
* [Architecture Overview](#architecture-overview)
  * [Design](#design) ?
  * [Multitenancy](#multitenancy)
  * [Object Stores](#object-stores) ?
  * [Model Texts](#model-texts) ?
* [Support, Feedback, Contributing ](#support-feedback-and-contributing)
* [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
* [Licensing](#licensing)

## Quick Start

For a quick setup with in-memory storage: 

- The plugin is self-configuring as described in [Package Setup](#package-setup). To enable attachments, simply add the plugin package to your project:  
```sh

>  npm add @cap-js/attachments

Author: I do not believe so but we can check. From what I know, it simply adds the plugin.

>  npm add @cap-js/attachments

Author: It does add in the s3 to package.json for production and hybrid currently

<img width="1300" alt="Upload an attachment" style="border-radius:0.5rem;" src="etc/upload.gif">

5. **Delete a file** by going into Edit mode, selecting the file, and pressing the **Delete** button above the Attachments table. Clicking the **Save** button will then delete that file from the resource (database, S3 bucket, etc.).
<img width="1300" alt="Delete an attachment" style="border-radius:0.5rem;" src="etc/delete.gif">

## Usage

### Package Setup

The attachments plugin needs to be referenced in the package.json of the consuming CAP NodeJS application: 

```cds
"devDependencies": { 
    "@cap-js/attachments": "<latest-version>", 
    //... 
}
```

This is done automatically by running `npm add @cap-js/attachments`. With this, the aspect Attachments can be used in the application's CDS model. 

> ### Changes in the CDS Models

Reviewer 2: again quite redundant to `Quick start`.

Suggestion: Remove quick start

To use the aspect `Attachments` on an existing entity, the corresponding entity needs to either include attachments as an element in the model definition or be extended in a CDS file in the `srv` module. In the quick start, the former was done, adding an element to the model definition: 
```cds
using { Attachments } from '@cap-js/attachments';  

entity Incidents {  
  // ...  
  attachments: Composition of many Attachments;  
} 
```
 
The entity Incidents can also be extended in the `srv` module, as seen in the following example:  
```cds
using { Attachments } from '@cap-js/attachments'; 

extend my.Incidents with { 
  attachments: Composition of many Attachments; 
} 
  
service ProcessorService { 
  entity Incidents as projection on my.Incidents 
}
```

Both methods directly add the respective UI Facet. Take note that in order to use the plugin with Fiori elements UI, be sure that [`draft` is enabled](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/advanced/fiori#enabling-draft-with-odata-draft-enabled) for the entity using `@odata.draft.enabled`. 

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### Storage Targets

When testing locally, the plugin operates without a dedicated storage target, storing attachments directly in the underlying database. 

> When using a dedicated storage target, the attachment is not stored in the underlying database; instead, it is saved on the specified storage target and only a reference to the file is kept in the database, as defined in the CDS model. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using a dedicated storage target, the attachment is not stored in the underlying database; instead, it is saved on the specified storage target and only a reference including metadata to the file is kept in the database, as defined in the CDS model. 
```

For productive use, you need a valid object store binding. Currently, only the AWS S3 object store is supported.
For using an AWS S3 Object Store in BTP, you must already have an SAP Object Store service instance on an AWS landscape created. To bind it locally, follow this setup:

1. Log in to Cloud Foundry:

    ```sh
    cf login -a <CF-API> -o <ORG-NAME> -s <SPACE-NAME> --sso
    ```

2.  To bind to the service, generate a new file _.cdsrc-private.json in the project directory by running:

    ```sh
    cds bind <ObjectStoreLocalName> --to <ObjectStoreRemoteName>
    ```

>     Where `ObjectStoreLocalName` can be any name given by the user here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Where `ObjectStoreLocalName` can be any name given by the user here and `ObjectStoreRemoteName` is the name of your object store instance in BTP.
```

See [Object Stores](#object-stores) for further information on SAP Object Store.

### Malware Scanner

The malware scanner is used in the `AttachmentService` to scan attachments. 

For using [SAP Malware Scanning Service](https://discovery-center.cloud.sap/serviceCatalog/malware-scanning-service), you must already have a service instance which you can access. To bind it, run the following command:
    ```sh
    cds bind <MalwareScannerLocalName> --to <RemoteMalwareScannerName>
    ```

By default, malware scanning is enabled for all profiles if a storage provider has been specified. You can configure malware scanning by setting:
```json
"attachments": {
    "scan": true
}
```

If there is no malware scanner available and the scanner is not disabled, then the upload will fail. 

Scan status codes: 
- Clean: Only attachments with the status Clean are accessible. 
- Scanning: Immediately after upload, the attachment is marked as Scanning. Depending on processing speed, it may already appear as Clean when the page is reloaded. 
- Unscanned: Attachment is still unscanned. 
- Failed: Scanning failed. 

> - Infected: The attachment is infected. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Unscanned`: Attachment is still unscanned. 
- `Scanning`: Immediately after upload, the attachment is marked as Scanning. Depending on processing speed, it may already appear as Clean when the page is reloaded. 
- `Clean`: Only attachments with the status Clean are accessible. 
- `Infected`: The attachment is infected. 
- `Failed`: Scanning failed. 
```

    Go to object page for incident **Solar panel broken**

3. The `Attachments` type has generated an out-of-the-box Attachments table (see 1) at the bottom of the Object page:
<img width="1300" alt="Attachments Table" style="border-radius:0.5rem;" src="etc/facet.png">

4. **Upload a file** by going into Edit mode and either by clicking the **Upload** button above the Attachments table or by draging and droping the file into the Attachments table direcly. Then click the **Save** button to have that file stored in the dedicated resource (database, S3 bucket, etc.). The PDF file from [_xmpl/db/content/Solar Panel Report.pdf_](./xmpl/db/content/Solar%20Panel%20Report.pdf) can be used as an example:
<img width="1300" alt="Upload an attachment" style="border-radius:0.5rem;" src="etc/upload.gif">

5. **Delete a file** by going into Edit mode, selecting the file, and pressing the **Delete** button above the Attachments table. Clicking the **Save** button will then delete that file from the resource (database, S3 bucket, etc.).
<img width="1300" alt="Delete an attachment" style="border-radius:0.5rem;" src="etc/delete.gif">

## Usage

<details>
### Package Setup

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>

### Package Setup

```

In addition, different profiles can be found in `package.json` as well, such as: 

```json
"cds": {  
  "requires": {  
    //...
    "[hybrid]": {  
      "attachments": {  
        "kind": "s3"  
        //...
      }  
    }  
  }  
}  
```
</details>

### Changes in the CDS Models

To use the aspect `Attachments` on an existing entity, the corresponding entity needs to either include attachments as an element in the model definition or be extended in a CDS file in the `srv` module. In the quick start, the former was done, adding an element to the model definition: 
```cds
using { Attachments } from '@cap-js/attachments';  

entity Incidents {  
  // ...  
  attachments: Composition of many Attachments;  
} 
```
 
The entity Incidents can also be extended in the `srv` module, as seen in the following example:  
```cds
using { Attachments } from '@cap-js/attachments'; 

extend my.Incidents with { 
  attachments: Composition of many Attachments; 
} 
  
service ProcessorService { 
  entity Incidents as projection on my.Incidents 
}
```

> Both methods directly add the respective UI Facet. Take note that in order to use the plugin with Fiori elements UI, be sure that [`draft` is enabled](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/advanced/fiori#enabling-draft-with-odata-draft-enabled) for the entity using `@odata.draft.enabled`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both methods directly add the respective UI Facet. To use the plugin with an SAP Fiori elements UI, be sure that [`draft` is enabled](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/advanced/fiori#enabling-draft-with-odata-draft-enabled) for the entity using `@odata.draft.enabled`. For example:
```

    Go to object page for incident **Solar panel broken**

3. The `Attachments` type has generated an out-of-the-box Attachments table (see 1) at the bottom of the Object page:
<img width="1300" alt="Attachments Table" style="border-radius:0.5rem;" src="etc/facet.png">

4. **Upload a file** by going into Edit mode and either by clicking the **Upload** button above the Attachments table or by draging and droping the file into the Attachments table direcly. Then click the **Save** button to have that file stored in the dedicated resource (database, S3 bucket, etc.). The PDF file from [_xmpl/db/content/Solar Panel Report.pdf_](./xmpl/db/content/Solar%20Panel%20Report.pdf) can be used as an example:
<img width="1300" alt="Upload an attachment" style="border-radius:0.5rem;" src="etc/upload.gif">

5. **Delete a file** by going into Edit mode, selecting the file, and pressing the **Delete** button above the Attachments table. Clicking the **Save** button will then delete that file from the resource (database, S3 bucket, etc.).
<img width="1300" alt="Delete an attachment" style="border-radius:0.5rem;" src="etc/delete.gif">

## Usage

<details>

### Package Setup

> 

Reviewer: Now links pointing to here work again, but the details box is not expanded if I follow the link. Do we really need this box here or can we rather add a box next in the Quick Start to show the package.json details directly there after executing `npm add @cap-js/attachments`?

}  
```
</details>

### Changes in the CDS Models

To use the aspect `Attachments` on an existing entity, the corresponding entity needs to either include attachments as an element in the model definition or be extended in a CDS file in the `srv` module. In the quick start, the former was done, adding an element to the model definition: 
```cds
using { Attachments } from '@cap-js/attachments';  

entity Incidents {  
  // ...  
  attachments: Composition of many Attachments;  
} 
```
 
The entity Incidents can also be extended in the `srv` module, as seen in the following example:  
```cds
using { Attachments } from '@cap-js/attachments'; 

extend my.Incidents with { 
  attachments: Composition of many Attachments; 
} 
  
service ProcessorService { 
  entity Incidents as projection on my.Incidents 
}
```

Both methods directly add the respective UI Facet. Take note that in order to use the plugin with Fiori elements UI, be sure that [`draft` is enabled](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/advanced/fiori#enabling-draft-with-odata-draft-enabled) for the entity using `@odata.draft.enabled`. For example:

```cds
annotate service.Incidents with @odata.draft.enabled;
```

### Storage Targets

> When testing locally, the plugin operates without a dedicated storage target, storing attachments directly in the underlying database using the `cds bind` command as described in the [CAP documentation for hybrid testing](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/advanced/hybrid-testing#services-on-cloud-foundry).

Reviewer: Wondering about `cds bind` here. Does that mean "testing locally" requires an SAP HANA instance? Or can I use also my local in-memory database, for example?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When testing locally, the plugin operates without a dedicated storage target, storing attachments directly in the underlying database. In a hybrid setup, a dedicated storage target is preferred you can bind it by using the `cds bind` command as described in the [CAP documentation for hybrid testing].(https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/advanced/hybrid-testing#services-on-cloud-foundry).
```

For using an AWS S3 Object Store in BTP, you must already have an SAP Object Store service instance on an AWS landscape created. To bind it locally, follow this setup:

1. Log in to Cloud Foundry:

    ```sh
    cf login -a <CF-API> -o <ORG-NAME> -s <SPACE-NAME> --sso
    ```

2.  To bind to the service, generate a new file _.cdsrc-private.json in the project directory by running:

    ```sh
    cds bind <ObjectStoreLocalName> --to <ObjectStoreRemoteName>
    ```

    Where `ObjectStoreLocalName` can be any name given by the user here and `ObjectStoreRemoteName` is the name of your object store instance in BTP.

3.  To run the application locally, run the command:

```bash
cds watch --profile hybrid
```

See [Object Stores](#object-stores) for further information on SAP Object Store.

### Malware Scanner

The BTP malware scanning service is used in the `AttachmentService` to scan attachments for vulnerabilities.

For using [SAP Malware Scanning Service](https://discovery-center.cloud.sap/serviceCatalog/malware-scanning-service), you must already have a service instance which you can access. To bind it, run the following command:
    ```sh

>     cds bind <MalwareScannerLocalName> --to <RemoteMalwareScannerName>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    cds bind <LocalMalwareScannerName> --to <RemoteMalwareScannerName>
```

    ```

### Malware Scanner

The malware scanner is used in the `AttachmentService` to scan attachments. 

For using [SAP Malware Scanning Service](https://discovery-center.cloud.sap/serviceCatalog/malware-scanning-service), you must already have a service instance which you can access and run the following command:
    ```sh
    cds bind malware-scanner -2 <INSTANCE>:<SERVICE-KEY>
    ```

By default, malware scanning is enabled for all profiles except development profile. You can configure malware scanning by setting:
```json
"attachments": {
    "scan": true
}
```

If there is no malware scanner available, the attachments are automatically marked as Clean. 

Scan status codes: 
- Clean: Only attachments with the status Clean are accessible. 
- Scanning: Immediately after upload, the attachment is marked as Scanning. Depending on processing speed, it may already appear as Clean when the page is reloaded. 
- Unscanned: Attachment is still unscanned. 
- Failed: Scanning failed. 
- Infected: The attachment is infected. 

> [!Note]
> The plugin currently supports file uploads up to 400 MB in size per attachment. 

### Outbox 

> In this plugin the [persistent outbox](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/java/outbox#persistent) is used to mark attachments as deleted. When using this plugin, the persistent outbox is enabled by default. In the capire documentation of the [persistent outbox](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/java/outbox#persistent) it is described how to overwrite the default outbox configuration. 

Author: Will remove then

> If the default is used, nothing must be done. 

Author: Holdover from old docs, unclear to me what exactly is meant by this (I would assume we don't need to do anything to use the default).

> ### Restore Endpoint

Author: Is this something included in the Node version?

### Storage Targets

By default, the plugin operates without a dedicated storage target, storing attachments directly in the underlying database. 

Other available storage targets: 
- AWS 
- Local mock file system (only for testing scenarios) 

When using a dedicated storage target, the attachment is not stored in the underlying database; instead, it is saved on the specified storage target and only a reference to the file is kept in the database, as defined in the CDS model. 

For using SAP Object Store, you must already have an SAP Object Store service instance with a storage target which you can access. To connect it, follow this setup.

1. Log in to Cloud Foundry:

    ```sh
    cf login -a <CF-API> -o <ORG-NAME> -s <SPACE-NAME> --sso
    ```

2.  To bind to the service, continue with the steps below.

    In the project directory, you can generate a new file _.cdsrc-private.json by running:

    ```sh
    cds bind objectstore -2 <INSTANCE>:<SERVICE-KEY> --kind s3
    ```

### Malware Scanner

The malware scanner is used in the `AttachmentService` to scan attachments. 

> For using [SAP Malware Scanning Service](https://discovery-center.cloud.sap/serviceCatalog/malware-scanning-service), you must already have a service instance which you can access and run the following command:

Author: I've adjusted the grammar a bit further

    ```sh
    cds bind malware-scanner -2 <INSTANCE>:<SERVICE-KEY>
    ```

By default, malware scanning is enabled for all profiles unless no storage provider has been specified. You can configure malware scanning by setting:
```json
"attachments": {

>     "scan": true

Author: I have not either, I assumed it was already true

3. The `Attachments` type has generated an out-of-the-box Attachments table (see 1) at the bottom of the Object page:
<img width="1300" alt="Attachments Table" style="border-radius:0.5rem;" src="etc/facet.png">

4. **Upload a file** by going into Edit mode and either by clicking the **Upload** button above the Attachments table or by draging and droping the file into the Attachments table direcly. Then click the **Save** button to have that file stored in the dedicated resource (database, S3 bucket, etc.). The PDF file from [_xmpl/db/content/Solar Panel Report.pdf_](./xmpl/db/content/Solar%20Panel%20Report.pdf) can be used as an example:
<img width="1300" alt="Upload an attachment" style="border-radius:0.5rem;" src="etc/upload.gif">

6. **Delete a file** by going into Edit mode, selecting the file, and pressing the **Delete** button above the Attachments table. Clicking the **Save** button will then delete that file from the resource (database, S3 bucket, etc.).

> <img width="1300" alt="Delete an attachment" style="border-radius:0.5rem;" src="etc/delete.gif">

Author: Should consider for future

For using SAP Object Store, you must already have an SAP Object Store service instance with a bucket which you can access. To connect it, follow this setup.

1. Log in to Cloud Foundry:

    ```sh
    cf login -a <CF-API> -o <ORG-NAME> -s <SPACE-NAME>
    ```

2.  To bind to the service, continue with the steps below.

    In the project directory, you can generate a new file _.cdsrc-private.json by running:

    ```sh
    cds bind objectstore -2 <INSTANCE>:<SERVICE-KEY> --kind s3
    ```

### Malware Scanner

The malware scanner is used in the `AttachmentService` to scan attachments. 

For using [SAP Malware Scanning Service](https://discovery-center.cloud.sap/serviceCatalog/malware-scanning-service), you must already have a service instance which you can access and run the following command:
    ```sh
    cds bind malware-scanner -2 <INSTANCE>:<SERVICE-KEY>
    ```

By default, malware scanning is enabled for all profiles except development profile. You can configure malware scanning by setting:
```json
"attachments": {
    "scan": true
}
```

> If there is no malware scanner available, the attachments are automatically marked as Clean. 

Author: But for now it does behave like this, right (with using locally)? If you have a target it always scans by default.

> If there is no malware scanner available, the attachments are automatically marked as Clean. 

Author: Previous note from me: "Java version talks about having an mta.yaml file to use the malware scanner, but this does not seem to be the case for Node. Can someone confirm?"

> If there is no malware scanner available, the attachments are automatically marked as Clean. 

Author: Have to disable malware otherwise it will crash without a target now. We will use an mta.yaml file but it works same as object store

Scan status codes: 
- Clean: Only attachments with the status Clean are accessible. 
- Scanning: Immediately after upload, the attachment is marked as Scanning. Depending on processing speed, it may already appear as Clean when the page is reloaded. 
- Unscanned: Attachment is still unscanned. 
- Failed: Scanning failed. 
- Infected: The attachment is infected. 

> [!Note]

> > The plugin currently supports file uploads up to 400 MB in size per attachment. 

Author: What are some other limitations you would suggest for a new section?

}
```

### Non-Draft Upload

For scenarios where the entity is not draft-enabled, see the sample [`tests/non-draft-request.http`](./tests/non-draft-request.http) to perform `.http` requests for metadata creation and content upload.

The typical sequence includes:

1. **POST** to create attachment metadata  
2. **PUT** to upload file content using the ID returned

> > Make sure to replace `{{host}}`, `{{auth}}`, and IDs accordingly.

Reviewer 2: what do you mean with this sentence, where are `{{host}}` and `{{auth}}`?

## Releases

- The plugin is released to [NPM Registry](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cap-js/attachments) and [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/cap-js/attachments/releases).
- See the [changelog](./CHANGELOG.md) for the latest changes.

## Minimum UI5 and CAP NodeJS Version

| Component | Minimum Version |
|-----------|-----------------|
| CAP Node  | 8.0.0           |
| UI5       | 1.136.0         |

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ## Architecture Overview

Reviewer 2: I would move the architecture section after the local development as for most of the time this is rarely looked at

The typical sequence includes:

1. **POST** to create attachment metadata  
2. **PUT** to upload file content using the ID returned

> Make sure to replace `{{host}}`, `{{auth}}`, and IDs accordingly.

## Releases

- The plugin is released to [NPM Registry](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cap-js/attachments) and [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/cap-js/attachments/releases).
- See the [changelog](./CHANGELOG.md) for the latest changes.

## Minimum UI5 and CAP NodeJS Version

| Component | Minimum Version |
|-----------|-----------------|
| CAP Node  | 8.0.0           |
| UI5       | 1.136.0         |

## Architecture Overview
### Multitenancy

The plugin supports multitenancy scenarios, allowing both shared and tenant-specific object store instances.

- When using SAP HANA as the storage target, multitenancy support depends on the consuming application. In most cases, multitenancy is achieved by using a dedicated schema for each tenant, providing strong data isolation at the database level.

> - When using an [object store](storage-targets/cds-feature-attachments-oss) as the storage target, true multitenancy is not yet implemented (as of version 2.1.0). In this case, all blobs are stored in a single bucket, and tenant data is not separated.

Reviewer 3: Yes, now it's fine :)

```
In this example, the `@attachments.disable_facet` is set to `true`, which means the plugin will be hidden by default.

### Non-Draft Upload

For scenarios where the entity is not draft-enabled, see the sample [`tests/non-draft-request.http`](./tests/non-draft-request.http) to perform `.http` requests for metadata creation and content upload.

The typical sequence includes:

1. **POST** to create attachment metadata  
2. **PUT** to upload file content using the ID returned

> Make sure to replace `{{host}}`, `{{auth}}`, and IDs accordingly.

## Releases

- The plugin is released to [WHERE?].
- See the [changelog](./CHANGELOG.md) for the latest changes.

## Minimum UI5 and CAP NodeJS Version

| Component | Minimum Version |
|-----------|-----------------|
| CAP Node  | 3.10.3          |
| UI5       | 1.136.0         |

To be able to use the Fiori `uploadTable` feature, you must ensure 1.121.0/ 1.122.0/ ^1.125.0 SAPUI5 version is updated in the application's `index.html`

## Architecture Overview

> ### Design

Author: We do not have these two files in Node, skip for now?

```

> In this example, the `@attachments.disable_facet` is set to `true`, which means the plugin will be hidden by default.

Author: This is holdover docs from the old version. Yes @schiwekM could you add in the dynamic version you know of here?

### Non-Draft Upload

For scenarios where the entity is not draft-enabled, see the sample [`tests/non-draft-request.http`](./tests/non-draft-request.http) to perform `.http` requests for metadata creation and content upload.

The typical sequence includes:

1. **POST** to create attachment metadata  
2. **PUT** to upload file content using the ID returned

> Make sure to replace `{{host}}`, `{{auth}}`, and IDs accordingly.

## Releases

- The plugin is released to [WHERE?].
- See the [changelog](./CHANGELOG.md) for the latest changes.

## Minimum UI5 and CAP NodeJS Version

| Component | Minimum Version |
|-----------|-----------------|
| CAP Node  | 3.10.3          |
| UI5       | 1.136.0         |

> To be able to use the Fiori `uploadTable` feature, you must ensure 1.121.0/ 1.122.0/ ^1.125.0 SAPUI5 version is updated in the application's `index.html`

Author: The CAP Node is just copied over from Java version, I don't believe it is correct. But we can use the UI5 number from the table

}
```

### Non-Draft Upload

For scenarios where the entity is not draft-enabled, see the sample [`tests/non-draft-request.http`](./tests/non-draft-request.http) to perform `.http` requests for metadata creation and content upload.

The typical sequence includes:

1. **POST** to create attachment metadata  
2. **PUT** to upload file content using the ID returned

> Make sure to replace `{{host}}`, `{{auth}}`, and IDs accordingly.

## Releases

- The plugin is released to [WHERE?].

> - See the [changelog](./CHANGELOG.md) for the latest changes.

Reviewer 2: or the release section in GitHub https://github.com/cap-js/attachments/releases

## Minimum UI5 and CAP NodeJS Version

| Component | Minimum Version |
|-----------|-----------------|
| CAP Node  | 3.10.3          |
| UI5       | 1.136.0         |

> To be able to use the Fiori `uploadTable` feature, you must ensure 1.121.0/ 1.122.0/ ^1.125.0 SAPUI5 version is updated in the application's `index.html`

Author: Ah but these don't even match what is in the table, are they different?

}
```

### Non-Draft Upload

For scenarios where the entity is not draft-enabled, for example [`tests/non-draft-request.http`](./tests/non-draft-request.http), separate http requests for metadata creation and asset uploading need to be performaned manually. 

The typical sequence includes:

1. **POST** to create attachment metadata  
2. **PUT** to upload file content using the ID returned

## Releases

- The plugin is released to [NPM Registry](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cap-js/attachments).
- See the [changelog](./CHANGELOG.md) or [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/cap-js/attachments/releases) for the latest changes.

## Minimum UI5 and CAP NodeJS Version

| Component | Minimum Version |
|-----------|-----------------|
| CAP Node  | 8.0.0           |
| UI5       | 1.136.0         |

## Architecture Overview
### Multitenancy

The plugin supports multitenancy scenarios, allowing both shared and tenant-specific object store instances.

> [!Note]
> Starting from version 2.1.0, **separate mode** for object store instances is the default setting for multitenancy.  

> For multitenant applications, `@cap-js/attachments` must be included in the dependencies of both the application-level and mtx/sidecar package.json files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For multitenant applications, `@cap-js/attachments` must be included in the dependencies of both the application-level and _mtx/sidecar/package.json_ files.
```

The following table gives an overview of the fields and the i18n codes:

| Field Name | i18n Code             |
|------------|-----------------------|
| `content`  | `attachment_content`  |
| `mimeType` | `attachment_mimeType` |
| `fileName` | `attachment_fileName` |
| `status`   | `attachment_status`   |
| `note`     | `attachment_note`     |

In addition to the field names, header information (`@UI.HeaderInfo`) are also annotated:

| Header Info      | i18n Code     |  
|------------------|---------------|
| `TypeName`       | `attachment`  |
| `TypeNamePlural` | `attachments` |

## Monitoring & Logging

To configure logging for the attachments plugin, add the following line to the `/srv/src/main/resources/application.yaml` of the consuming application:
```
logging:
  level:
    ...

>     '[com.sap.cds.feature.attachments]': DEBUG

Author: How can we find this out? This note comes from Java

description: "App consuming the attachments plugin with an object store"
parameters:
  ...
modules:
  - name: consuming-app-srv
# ------------------------------------------------------------
    type: nodejs
    path: srv
    parameters:
      ...
    properties:
      ...
    build-parameters:
      ...
    requires:
      - name: consuming-app-hdi-container
      - name: consuming-app-uaa
      - name: cf-logging
      - name: **object-store-service**
...
resources:
  ...
  - name: **object-store-service**
    type: org.cloudfoundry.managed-service
    parameters:
      service: objectstore
      service-plan: standard
```

##### Tests

The unit tests in this module do not need a binding to the respective object stores, run them with `npm install`. To achieve a clean install, the comman `rm -rf node_modules` should be used before installation.

The integration tests need a binding to a real object store. Run them with `npm install -Pintegration-tests-oss`.
To set the binding, provide the following environment variables:
- AWS_S3_BUCKET
- AWS_S3_REGION
- AWS_S3_ACCESS_KEY_ID
- AWS_S3_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY

##### Supported Storage Backends

- **AWS S3**

### Model Texts

> In the model, several fields are annotated with the `@title` annotation. Default texts are provided in [35 languages](https://github.com/cap-java/cds-feature-attachments/tree/main/cds-feature-attachments/src/main/resources/cds/com.sap.cds/cds-feature-attachments/_i18n). If these defaults are not sufficient for an application, they can be overwritten by applications with custom texts or translations.

Author: Must switch out Java with Node
